hi I'm Brittany with County systems this
video is an exclusive peek at our cuff
bracelets that we make with our unisza
products this was an idea given to us
from a customer out in California it's a
very well selling product and it's
simple to do and we're gonna show you
how to do it and how you can offer it to
your customers first items you'll need
today are a piece of yuna sub we're
gonna do three different bracelets today
you can either do the clear gloss or the
white gloss give you a different effects
in the background let you see those the
image you like to display some heat tape
you're gonna need a can or some kind of
cylinder to wrap around the bracelet
just to give it some shape and a couple
sheets of protective paper what we're
going to do first is remove the
protective film on our bracelets now
that we've removed our protective
coating we're going to do the same thing
to our other two bracelets
our next step is aligning our image line
all three of our bracelets and then
secure each of them with heat tape with
my last piece of heat tape in place I'm
ready to move to my press gonna place a
sheet of protective paper on the bottom
grab my bracelets place them so that the
image is facing down add another sheet
of protective paper and I have my press
set at 400 degrees we're gonna press for
a 65 seconds using a medium and heavy
pressure and that sound means are done
so I'll lift in sing away on my press
now these are metal so they can be very
hot remove our transfer as fast as we
can
and then we're gonna give it time to
cool now that my bracelets have had time
to cool it's time to shape them into
their cuff form I've grabbed a can just
to get a cylinder type shape and I'm
just gonna wrap it around the can give
it some form
once I have my cuffs shape
customer can put it on and adjust it for
their size to do that with each of our
bracelets we just finished our cuff
bracelet and again this is a UNICEF
product which always makes a nice high
quality image and the cuff was designed
with IPI members in mind for more
products and services be sure to check
out our website at Conde calm and watch
more of my videos at condi tv.com I'm
Brittany with County systems and thank
you for joining us
you